README.md, before:

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-dqm-sample-payloads)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-dqm-sample-payloads)

# Samples for Data Quality Management microservices

## Description

This repository contains samples for using Data Quality Management microservices.

## Samples

| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [datasphere-geo-map](datasphere-geo-map) | An example of using the datasphere-python sample to generate geocodes and use them in a Geo Map control in SAP Analytics Cloud. |
| [datasphere-python](datasphere-python) | Use Python to enrich data within Datasphere with geocodes using Data Quality Management microservices. |
| [postman-collections](postman-collections) | Postman Collections as examples for testing Data Quality Management microservices. |


## Requirements

A subscription to Data Quality Management microservices is required. To try the service for free, please see https://community.sap.com/t5/technology-blogs-by-sap/getting-started-with-sap-data-quality-management-microservices-for-location/ba-p/13527838.

You can find more information about different service plans here:
https://help.sap.com/docs/data-quality-services/data-quality-services/service-plans

Formal documentation for the serivce can be found here: https://help.sap.com/docs/data-quality-services

## How to obtain support

This project is provided "as-is" with no expectation for major changes or support.

For additional support, [ask a question](https://answers.sap.com/questions/ask.html) in SAP Community. 

## Contributing

This project is provided "as-is" and does not support community contributions.

## Code of Conduct

Members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience. By participating in this project, you agree to always abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Licensing

Copyright (c) 2024 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and dqmm-dsp-python-sample contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](/LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available via the REUSE tool (link to https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/cloud-dqm-sample-payloads).

Commit message:

Add datasphere-dashboard to parent README

README.md, after:

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-dqm-sample-payloads)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-dqm-sample-payloads)

# Samples for Data Quality Management microservices

## Description

This repository contains samples for using Data Quality Management microservices.

## Samples

| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [datasphere-dashboard](datasphere-dashboard) | An example of using assignment codes to create a data quality dashboard in SAP Analytics Cloud. |
| [datasphere-geo-map](datasphere-geo-map) | An example of using the datasphere-python sample to generate geocodes and use them in a Geo Map control in SAP Analytics Cloud. |
| [datasphere-python](datasphere-python) | Use Python to enrich data within Datasphere with geocodes using Data Quality Management microservices. |
| [postman-collections](postman-collections) | Postman Collections as examples for testing Data Quality Management microservices. |


## Requirements

A subscription to Data Quality Management microservices is required. To try the service for free, please see https://community.sap.com/t5/technology-blogs-by-sap/getting-started-with-sap-data-quality-management-microservices-for-location/ba-p/13527838.

You can find more information about different service plans here:
https://help.sap.com/docs/data-quality-services/data-quality-services/service-plans

Formal documentation for the serivce can be found here: https://help.sap.com/docs/data-quality-services

## How to obtain support

This project is provided "as-is" with no expectation for major changes or support.

For additional support, [ask a question](https://answers.sap.com/questions/ask.html) in SAP Community. 

## Contributing

This project is provided "as-is" and does not support community contributions.

## Code of Conduct

Members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience. By participating in this project, you agree to always abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Licensing

Copyright (c) 2024 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and dqmm-dsp-python-sample contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](/LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available via the REUSE tool (link to https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/cloud-dqm-sample-payloads).
